[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Millions of us are waking up
now to an ability to experience
more than the perceptions
of the five senses.
We're beginning to
sense ourselves as part
of a larger tapestry of life.
You could say you become
a person of the heart.
The question is,
what will you do
with your expanded perception?
>> In 1989, Gary Zukav
released his powerful book,
"The Seat of the Soul," which
went on to become the number
one New York Times
bestseller for 31 weeks.
Millions were inspired
to begin their search
within for this mysterious
place of connection
that he so brilliantly named.
Other cultures
throughout history
have simply referred to
this mysterious access
point as the center.
Is the heart the central
station within us
that allows us to hear,
see, and feel messages
from beyond this dimension?
>> The heart is the sacred
space of the human being.
Everything, all energy, travels
in the blood through the heart
and in circulation to
the entirety of the body,
does it not?
So the seat of the soul is
there informing, if you would,
all things physical,
emotional, psychological.
>> The heart really is
the seat of the soul.
It is the place
literally, literally
within the cells
of your heart where
your destiny and your skills
and your talents and your gifts
are embedded.
Within those cells,
every heartbeat
you have holds an intention
to do your greatest
gifts on this planet.
>> Ancient traditions teach us
that the human body has seven
major energy
centers, or chakras.
In modern times, each
chakra is commonly
associated with a
different color.
And the green one in the
center corresponds to rhythm,
compassion, empathy, and unity.
Once discovered, an
individual's ability
to channel information from
beyond their five senses
becomes highly charged.
What happens when we open
our hearts to guidance
from beyond our minds?
>> We believe that this was
the central intelligence.
And this was just there to
give you information and direct
you and hold space, but this
is the central intelligence.
Until we as a species
began to evolve
our emotional intelligence, our
awareness of heart connection
and how the intelligence
of our heart
is actually giving us
a different projection
of our universal
space from a much more
integrated understanding of both
the inner and outer dimensions
existing in one experience.
This is why ancient shamans
always say, don't go
to your mind for your wisdom.
Go to your heart.
>> When we start the
path of spirituality,
the first thing that everyone
says is you have to get rid
of the ego.
The ego is the one
that has been helping
you to survive for millions
of years on this planet.
So when we speak
about channeling,
which is letting other
energies go through me,
the ego says, wait a moment,
but is this going to kill me?
So you cannot get rid of ego.
That's dying.
But what you can do is not leave
it in control of everything.
That's why everyone talks
about going to the heart.
Why?
Because the heart doesn't
judge what it's going through.
And the heart basically is
channeling in every bit.
So the system of the heart has
been designed for channeling.
Blood goes through,
oxygen, vitamins-- anything
that the cells
need to survive go
through the channel
of the heart.
That's why, spiritually, we can
say we need to go to the heart
in order to let us set free
from the ego and be more free.
>> Within the opening of
the heart and the practice
of service, not
just the intention,
this is where you dissipate
all barricades that you have
created through
your own perception.
>> Each of you would simply
listen now in the quiet
of your own mind to the
music of your own cells.
You would know that
the atoms within you
speak with a joy,
a full exaltation.
>> Channeling, as the
way I'm describing it,
is a much broader umbrella term.
It is this process of accessing
information and energy that's
not limited by our conventional
notions of time and space
and can appear receptive
and also expressive.
From the scientific perspective,
there's still so much
that we don't know about what
the source is, how it works--
these detailed aspects to
the mechanisms of channeling.
>> When I was growing up, I used
to compare us like if we are
cell phones, like a device,
and there are many software,
and many apps, and many programs
that you have to download from
the internet.
You can share data.
You can share information.
You can share messages
and these kind of things.
And I think that channeling is
like being open to the Wi-Fi.
All this information, all this
data, and all these people
with their own
devices can send data
and you can receive them like
WhatsApp messages or something
like this.
You just can grab all
the ideas that they
are trying to share it to
you just as a message--
not need to put
the system inside.
Our actual technology
helped me to understand
that when we are
channeling it's not always
that a person comes
within you, but that you
are tuning yourself
like in a radio
to listen to their message.
Because the universe
works like waves.
All the time, it's like waves
of vibration everywhere.
So anything that we
say, anything that we do
creates a wave of information
that gets stuck in the stones,
in the trees, and other
people, in the whole network.
So when you go to some
place, that information
is still there.
So you can access
to that information
if you set yourself in the
same frequency, like a radio.
This is how some
people will channel.
>> Let the wisdom of those
who are the wise ones and have
the answers in disguise to
be so, here, with a question.
>> A radio works by tuning to a
specific frequency that matches
the frequency of the
signal being broadcast.
Imagine if our heart
was our radio dial,
connecting us to a powerful
vibrational highway
of frequencies.
>> We'll describe it like
you listening to the radio.
And you have to tune to
a particular frequency
to not have static for the
message to come through.
So it's an attunement--
a matching of frequency to
allow the communication.
Our perspective is that we're
blending with that frequency.
We're aligning it, just
like the dial on your radio.
If we did not do that
adjustment, if you would,
you would only have static
and no communication.
The best we can describe
in your experience
to try to understand, for we
do not have the vocabulary,
nor do you have a vision
in your life experience
to align with how
we could explain it.
That creates an issue of
description, doesn't it?
>> In the stormy sea of
electromagnetic, cellular,
Wi-Fi, radar, and
radio waves around us,
what other channels
are we picking up?
When our mind is
chaotic and stressed,
it causes static
in the connection
to the frequency highway.
But when our minds are calm,
detached from thoughts,
and completely focused
in the present moment,
the brain has more power
to convert and translate
these waves into
vibrational patterns
and amplified as spoken words.
>> There's a persistent question
as to whether everyone has
the ability to receive
extra-physical data,
or whether it's something
that belongs to the X-Men,
so to speak, or limited numbers
of the human population.
It depends upon circumstance.
It depends upon
whether the individual
is able to step outside
of all the massive stimuli
that we're bombarded with,
which is a particular issue
in the 21st century.
>> Since the dawn of humanity,
there have been tales
of mystics and magicians
living in secret
because of their powerful
and unexplainable gifts.
Various skeptics
throughout history
have put these people into
different categories--
freaks, heretics, possessed,
witches, fortune-tellers.
The list goes on and on.
With all the different
ways these humans accessed
and expressed this information
from beyond their senses,
several forms of channeling have
been developed and practiced.
>> People who channel
actually use different types
of channeling.
I think we're putting ourselves
in a box when we say, OK,
you're only a trance
channel and that's
the only type of
channeling that you do.
That has not been my
personal experience
and it's not my
experience when I
talk to the hundreds
of people who connect
with me about their phenomenon.
Sometimes they tune
in through what
you might call general
extrasensory perception.
And sometimes they
do trance channeling.
Sometimes it's precognition.
We get stuck on these terms.
And we want to
put them in boxes.
Our human mind wants to be able
to characterize things and put
boundaries on it all.
But the reality is
they blur together.
They don't have
clear boundaries.
And yet, at its core is
this concept of non-local
consciousness, and that we're
more than our physical brain--
that we have access to much
more than we think we do.
And it shows up in
these different ways
that are often unique to the
individual who's doing it.
>> We have a number
of "clairs"--
the word clair meaning
clear in French.
Clairvoyance-- clear-seeing,
meaning those people
who have a real skill with
being able to visualize or see
images.
My favorite is claircognizance--
clear-knowing.
That, I think, is really
the hallmark of the oracle,
because it is receiving that
Divine Sophia oracle wisdom,
getting it stimulated
within yourself,
and then delivering
it out to others.
>> As human beings, we are
actually born with our clair
senses, like clairvoyance-- the
ability to see subtle energy.
Clairaudience, the ability
to hear subtle energy.
Mental mediumship is another
word for claircognizance.
This is your ability to
tune into, let's say,
cognitive information.
And that's information that is
organized, that is directed,
that is like communication--
mathematics, maybe even
geometry.
Positioning of things--
spatial positioning--
that you're getting
this information in.
Now, when you receive
this information in,
you still have to translate it.
So maybe you're getting
a mathematical model
and you know nothing
about mathematics.
So you're channeling
this information
through writing down
the metaphors of what's
coming through.
And ultimately,
that's what channeling
is is this claircognizance.
You become this open conduit
of receiving subtle information
that your mind, your
brain connection
is interpreting that
as linear information.
And then it comes through
as a conversation.
It comes through as
automatic writing.
You become the medium for which
that information flows through.
You become that
channel through which
the information comes through.
>> I'm a Windbridge research
medium from the Windbridge
Research Center, who
scientifically tests
and studies mediums and
mediumship for a lot
of different purposes, but
education is one of the big
ones.
The mediumship is
like channeling.
It's like it's fed to me
or pipelined in to me.
I'm not reaching out for it.
It's coming to me.
I don't let them inside my body.
I'm talking to them mentally.
So I'm a mental medium.
Sometimes I call
it a quickening,
where all of a sudden,
I just go through--
I can connect.
And all of a sudden,
I know everything.
And I can just spit it out.
And it comes so fast
and rapid and I'm
saying it without thinking.
There's no chance to edit.
>> I essentially
learned mediumship,
which is what I would describe
as having a three-way call,
or-- hold on, let me ask.
You get the information
and then you relay it.
And the way that I describe
channeling is you're
essentially becoming the mic.
So then there's not
that lapsed time.
>> It is the notion of
which we are sharing, yes?
So there is an idea that
one is able to connect.
And then there is the
feeling of connection
that lives beyond the
thinking practical mind.
>> For me, it is, more or less,
getting out of the way as much
as possible to literally
become the mic so that a stream
of consciousness can
speak through you,
be it through writing or voice.
>> I was described by scientists
as a direct voice trance
medium.
It wasn't until
several years later
that the terminology
of channeling
was even used as a
term for what I do.
And I kept getting guidance,
and others as well.
And then I was tested
for my psychic ability.
What it did for me is--
you're not a crazy person.
You're psychic.
Which was, at that time, a
nice "Good Housekeeping" seal
of approval.
Because when I started doing
this work, it wasn't spoken of.
I didn't go into public
situations or parties
and go, guess what I can do?
Because people were terrified
of anything psychic.
Curious, but it wasn't a term.
Today, you hear it all the time.
You hear it in movies and TV
and across lunch counters.
And it's something of
great interest now.
But that's the evolution
of consciousness as well.
>> I recognize that there are
many different disciplines
within metaphysics,
within spirituality.
There can be remote viewing.
There can be medical healing.
There can be channeling.
There can be mediumship--
on and on and on.
But I understand from
Bashar that it's just
different ways of expressing
the same mechanism.
In other words, it's
all about resonance.
It's all about frequency.
It's all about tapping into
a certain vibration that
represents that expression.
So a medium is, in essence,
doing the same thing
that I'm doing when I channel.
But I'm focused on
connecting to what
appears to be another
dimensional being.
Mediums are
classically focused on
what appeared to be
spirits of people that
are connected to the Earth.
So it's just like, again,
having a television set.
And you're going, OK, well,
I'm watching this program
over here, and now
I'm going to switch
to this program over here.
The same mechanism-- the TV--
is allowing you to do that.
But you're changing frequencies
to get a different story,
a different program, a
different way of approaching
what's happening-- what's
coming out of that television.
>> And so it's this beautiful
spectrum ranging from intuition
and hunches that probably
everyone has experienced
at some point in their life
to mediumship and trance
channeling, and precognition,
and clairvoyance,
and clairaudience, and all the
different terms that we apply
to this experience of accessing
information beyond our five
senses that I think most humans
have experienced on some level.
And so I consider
trance-channeling to be
one slice of this human
experience of channeling
in general.
>> If someone is willing to
simply allow themselves to fall
into the resonant vibration
necessary to deliver
information in a channeled
way, then the idea is that
they're already in
the perfect frequency,
in the perfect vibration.
And everything is focused
that way, by definition,
because that's all that exists
on that frequency level.
Nothing else can happen while
you're in that state of being.
Nothing outside of that
frequency can occur.
If you want to call
that a trance, you may.
But it's not technically what
most people on your planet
think of when you
use the word trance.
>> One thing that I was
challenged by when I first
started in this field was there
were so many different terms
that were being applied to these
often ineffable experiences.
I would say
mediumship to someone
and I would mean one
thing-- and say, no, no,
mediumship is this
other thing, or you
should say mental mediumship.
No, that's physical mediumship.
No, that's trance-channeling.
No, that's possession.
And we'd go round
and round in circles
with these different terms
and different definitions.
>> I think all of
that-- remote viewing
and so on and so forth--
is just all about getting
into the right frequency
that is representative
of the information
that you're seeking.
Because everything
is about resonance.
And therefore, even
positions in space, positions
in time, other
dimensions are all
about being on a
certain frequency.
And if you can train yourself
to get into that frequency,
you will automatically
receive the information
that is commensurate
with that frequency.
>> For some, working in the
darker arts can be a lonely
experience.
Refining gifts of mediumship has
remained highly controversial.
>> In the beginning, I had a
very close friend that would
sit with me.
But that was just to
be a support to me.
And she had interests.
But no, I didn't have anybody.
In fact, I had more resistance.
Out of fear, really.
Because like I said,
when I opened up,
people were afraid of
this kind of thing.
And the film industry has
really built on that fear
with all the horror films.
And something's going to get
you-- that kind of thing.
So people had a real aversion.
And I think a lot
of fear that I was
going to know something
about them that they
didn't want me to know.
We all have the shame feelings.
And so people were
afraid of that, too--
were afraid of me, because they
thought they couldn't hide.
And that still happens today.
>> I always could see
things as a child.
And people in my
family and neighbors
would say, Laura,
come over here.
You've got hot hands.
Would you put your
hand on my shoulder?
It hurts.
And I was seven and eight and
I didn't know any different.
And they're loving
people, so sure.
Oh, that feels so much better.
I had shut everything
down at 16 based
on a very powerful
mystical experience
I had with another young
woman on a college campus.
And when we shared
it with other people,
they thought the normal things.
We were crazy,
seeking attention,
what have you been
smoking, things like that.
But I was not into drugs,
alcohol, or cigarettes
at the age of 16.
So I shut down.
There's no way I'm going to
expose myself like that again.
>> I was open as a kid.
It wasn't too jolting.
But like us all, I learned
how to just shut it down.
If things are happening
and other people
aren't seeing them, you're
like, OK, best case,
I shut that down.
>> What if everyone made
it their mission to live
their life through the guidance
of their hearts and use
their minds as a powerful
tool to translate the messages
and see the visions?
>> When you go to the heart, you
just let yourself be permeable
to all these other realities,
because the heart is open
to channel all the time and
to nourish all the body.
>> One of the things I'd like
you to consider is to not give
up on your gifts.
Don't hide them anymore.
And if you have a
calling inside of you--
because it is a calling.
It's not an ego thing
that says, oh, I'm
going to be the world's
greatest healer.
No, you're not.
You're not going to make
it with that driving you.
It's a calling inside
to help humanity.
And we all are here to serve.
That is what we are here to
do, no matter your capacity.
It's not about your job or
education or occupation.
We are here to serve each other.
And we each have these
unique gifts inside of us,
literally, again, within
the cells of your heart.
The heart knows the way--
they say that for a reason.
>> A part of your existence
requires discovering new
things, new perspectives
about yourself.
And there are only certain
kinds of conditions
in which those kinds of
discoveries can be made.
Physical reality
being one of them,
because you impose the
framework of time and space
on your consciousness, to a
certain degree, to, in a sense,
forget who you are as a
greater being in order
to remember who you
are, or rediscover
who you are, but from a fresh
perspective and point of view.
And that's how you grow as
a being, as a consciousness.
>> The authenticity of every
individual sharing their unique
truth to the world is a
gift that elevates all.
So we would encourage each and
every one to use the gifts that
are unique to them, to
share them in the world--
the sharing is what
is important as well--
for there is this tapestry
of human existence
in a beautiful, artistic
weaving, if you would,
of a tapestry.
Every single thread counts.
>> What would the world be like
if all those who have turned
the volume down on their gifts
would crank them back up?
>> Then you will trust
yourselves enough to explore
those dimensions of your own
greater reality that no one
else can ever know
or ever explore.
[THEME MUSIC]